docs/deployment_without_ocs.md, before:

# Using ocs-ci to deploy OCP cluster without default OCS installation

When you need to perform OCS installation manually (eg. to verify installation
docs or to use not yet automated deployment options), but still would like to
use ocs-ci to prepare the cluster as usual (eg. via deploy cluster jenkins
job), there is an option to skip OCS deployment.

## Option skip_ocs_deployment

Installation of OCS will be skipped when in `ENV_DATA` section of ocs-ci
configuration file, option `skip_ocs_deployment` is set to `true`.

If you don't need to change anything else in ocs-ci configuration file, you
can just use `conf/ocsci/skip_ocs_deploy.yaml` file instead of creating your
own config file.

## Skipping OCS installation in deploy cluster jenkins job

Add `conf/ocsci/skip_ocs_deploy.yaml` to `CLUSTER_CONF` parameter of your
deployment job.

If you need to use a particular deployment configuration (to select
particular platform, in particular way), you can specify multiple config file
names separated by a space in `CLUSTER_CONF` field. Eg.:

```
conf/deployment/aws/ipi_1az_rhcos_lso_3m_3w.yaml conf/ocsci/skip_ocs_deploy.yaml
```

## Enabling catalog source with development builds of OCS

When you skip OCS installation, you will be able to install already released
(so called live) version of OCS only.

If you need to use dev. builds of OCS, you need to create a catalog source
first:

```
$ oc create -f ocs_ci/templates/ocs-deployment/catalog-source.yaml
```

Note that this assumes you have your environment configured as if you were
running ocs-ci tests (`oc` can connect to your cluster, you have pull
secret for `quay.io/rhceph-dev`, ...). See also [Usage](/docs/usage.md) guide.

If you need to use particular CI build of OCS, edit image specification of
ocs-catalogsource and relplace tag `latest` with a version of your choice, eg.
`4.4.0-420.ci`.

Commit message:

docs: note about latest tags of ocs dev images
fixes https://github.com/red-hat-storage/ocs-ci/issues/2406

Signed-off-by: Martin Bukatovič <mbukatov@redhat.com>

docs/deployment_without_ocs.md, after:

# Using ocs-ci to deploy OCP cluster without default OCS installation

When you need to perform OCS installation manually (eg. to verify installation
docs or to use not yet automated deployment options), but still would like to
use ocs-ci to prepare the cluster as usual (eg. via deploy cluster jenkins
job), there is an option to skip OCS deployment.

## Option skip_ocs_deployment

Installation of OCS will be skipped when in `ENV_DATA` section of ocs-ci
configuration file, option `skip_ocs_deployment` is set to `true`.

If you don't need to change anything else in ocs-ci configuration file, you
can just use `conf/ocsci/skip_ocs_deploy.yaml` file instead of creating your
own config file.

## Skipping OCS installation in deploy cluster jenkins job

Add `conf/ocsci/skip_ocs_deploy.yaml` to `CLUSTER_CONF` parameter of your
deployment job.

If you need to use a particular deployment configuration (to select
particular platform, in particular way), you can specify multiple config file
names separated by a space in `CLUSTER_CONF` field. Eg.:

```
conf/deployment/aws/ipi_1az_rhcos_lso_3m_3w.yaml conf/ocsci/skip_ocs_deploy.yaml
```

## Enabling catalog source with development builds of OCS

When you skip OCS installation, you will be able to install already released
(so called live) version of OCS only.

If you need to use dev. builds of OCS, you need to create a catalog source for
these images first using
``ocs_ci/templates/ocs-deployment/catalog-source.yaml`` template.

In the template, you you have to edit image specification of ocs-catalogsource
and replace tag `latest` with either a version of your choice, eg.
`4.4.0-420.ci` if you need to use particular CI build of OCS, or use one of
release specific tags such as `latest-4.4` or `latest-stable-4.4`.
There is no `latest` tag assigned to these `quay.io/rhceph-dev` dev container
images.

When you specify the tag in ``catalog-source.yaml`` file, you can create the
catalog source via:

```
$ oc create -f ocs_ci/templates/ocs-deployment/catalog-source.yaml
```

Note that this assumes you have your environment configured as if you were
running ocs-ci tests (`oc` can connect to your cluster, you have pull
secret for `quay.io/rhceph-dev`, ...). See also [Usage](/docs/usage.md) guide.
