docs/usage.md, before:

# Usage

For full usage run: `run-ci --help`

# usage for getting various ocs image versions

for full help run: `report-version --help`

Run `report-version --cluster-path /my-cluster/path --log-level INFO` to
get information on various image version deployed by ocs-ci

# usage for cleanup
  This should be used only when your cluster-dir is accidentally deleted
  `ci-cleanup [-h] --cluster CLUSTER`
  CLUSTER points to cluster tag eg: mycluster-ocs-ci-jlgzn , without additional
   -master or -worker. This can be found by logging into AWS, Selecting the VM
   and clicking on Tags.

## Required configuration

* **AWS credentials** - if you have AWS already configured by `aws configure`,
    see:
    [AWS doc](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-configure.html)
    there shouldn't be need of any additional configuration for AWS. If not,
    please make sure you configure your AWS credentials via `aws configure`
    command, or you have proper configuration done in `~/.aws` folder which is
    usually generated by mentioned command.

## Required arguments

There are a few arguments that are required ocs test execution:

* `--cluster-path <path>` - path to the directory which will
    contain all the installation/authentication information about the cluster.
    If the information given can not be used to access the cluster then
    test execution will fail. If you wish to deploy a new cluster, give
    a path to a new directory and also use the `--deploy` argument.

## Useful arguments

Some non-required arguments that we end up using a lot. You can use
`run-ci  --help` to see all the parameters and description which you can pass
to the pytest.

* `--capture=no` - when using pdb or ipdb you have to turn of capture mode
    for pytest.
* `-m "tier1 and ecosystem"` - This will select just tests marked with
    tier1 and ecosystem marks.

### Additional arguments:

* `--cluster-name <name>` - name of cluster (always required for deployment) must be 5-17 characters long.
* `--ocs-version` - version of OCS to be used (e.g. 4.2 or 4.3). If not specified, the default from ocs-ci will be used.
* `--ocsci-conf` - with this configuration parameter you can overwrite the
    default OCS-CI config parameters defined in
    [default config](https://github.com/red-hat-storage/ocs-ci/tree/master/ocs_ci/framework/conf/default_config.yaml).
    This is the repeatable parameter and you can use it multiple times for
    adding multiple config files. (The last one overwrites previous config!)
* `--deploy` - if this is given and a cluster can not be accessed from the
    provided `--cluster-path` then a new test cluster will be deployed.
* `--live-deploy` - OCS-CI will use live content to deploy OCS.
* `--teardown` - if this is given the testing cluster will be destroyed after
    the test have completed, regardless of if the tests passed or failed.
* `--html` - to generate html reports of the test run
* `--self-contained-html` - creates self-contained html file containing all
   necessary styles and scripts
* `--email` - to send the email reports of the test run which was generated
   by --html option. MUST specify --html to send email reports.
* `--bugzilla` - allows you to skip tests with unresolved bug (test case
  needs to be properly decorated as you can see in
  [documentation](./writing_tests.md)). You will also need to
  create configuration file for `pytest_marker_bugzilla` plugin. See the
  [plugin documentation](https://github.com/eanxgeek/pytest_marker_bugzilla)
  or example of `/etc/bugzilla.cfg` file:
  ```bash
  [DEFAULT]
  bugzilla_url = https://bugzilla.redhat.com/xmlrpc.cgi
  bugzilla_username = kerberos@redhat.com
  bugzilla_password = yourPassword
  ```
* `--collect-logs` - to collect OCS logs for failed test cases.

## Examples

Deployment and teardown of the test cluster can be done automatically with
the `--deploy` and `--teardown` arguments. The `--cluster-path` must always be
provided and if given without the `--deploy` argument, it must contain information
that can be used to access an existing cluster.

> In case you lost your cluster dir, the destroy can be done with
> `ci-cleanup` cli that should be invoked with cluster-tag from AWS.

#### Deployment of cluster

If you would like to deploy new cluster you can run following command:
```bash
run-ci -m deployment --ocsci-conf conf/path_to_config_to_be_used.yaml \
    --cluster-name kerberos_ID-ocs-deployment \
    --cluster-path /home/my_user/my-ocs-dir tests/ \
    --deploy
 ```
of course you can omit --cluster-name if you would like to use default
values.

Note that during deployment, openshift command line tools like `oc` and
`openshift-install` are installed into [`bin` directory of the
repository](https://github.com/red-hat-storage/ocs-ci/tree/master/bin). These tools are then available to both deployment and test
code because `run-ci` wrapper includes the `bin` directory into `PATH`
environment variable.

#### Deployment of cluster on vSphere Platform

terraform and jq is needed for deployment of OCS on vSphere platform.

Change the [vsphere_upi_vars.yaml.example](https://github.com/red-hat-storage/ocs-ci/tree/master/conf/ocsci/vsphere_upi_vars.yaml.example) to vsphere_upi_vars.yaml and update the values accordingly.
Check for vsphere_upi_vars.yaml.skeleton(../conf/ocsci/vsphere_upi_vars.yaml.skeleton) for more options.

After filling all the required parameters, run the following command:
```bash
run-ci -m deployment --ocsci-conf conf/ocsci/vsphere_upi.yaml \
    --cluster-name kerberos_ID-ocs-deployment \
    --cluster-path /home/my_user/my-ocs-dir tests/ \
    --deploy
```

#### Running tests on deployed environment

```bash
run-ci -m "tier1 and manage" \
    --cluster-name kerberos_ID-ocs-deployment \
    --cluster-path /home/my_user/my-ocs-dir tests/
 ```

#### Running tests on deployed environment and sending reports

If you would like to send the test run results to email you can run
following command:
```bash

run-ci tests/
    --cluster-name kerberos_ID-ocs-deployment \
    --cluster-path /home/my_user/my-ocs-dir \
    --html=report.html --self-contained-html \
    --email=<emailid>
 ```

If you want to send reports to multiple email ID's, use comma separated
email ID's like below
```bash

run-ci tests/
    --cluster-name kerberos_ID-ocs-deployment \
    --cluster-path /home/my_user/my-ocs-dir \
    --html=report.html --self-contained-html \
    --email=<emailid1>,<emailid2>,<emailid3>
 ```

#### Destroy of cluster

If you would like to destroy existing cluster you can run following command:
```bash
run-ci -m deployment \
    --cluster-name kerberos_ID-ocs-deployment \
    --cluster-path /home/my_user/my-ocs-dir tests/ \
    --teardown
 ```

Commit message:

Enable UI testing
Infra ticket:
https://projects.engineering.redhat.com/browse/OCSQE-172

Fixes: #1153

Signed-off-by: Petr Balogh <pbalogh@redhat.com>

docs/usage.md, after:

# Usage

For full usage run: `run-ci --help`

# usage for getting various ocs image versions

for full help run: `report-version --help`

Run `report-version --cluster-path /my-cluster/path --log-level INFO` to
get information on various image version deployed by ocs-ci

# usage for cleanup
  This should be used only when your cluster-dir is accidentally deleted
  `ci-cleanup [-h] --cluster CLUSTER`
  CLUSTER points to cluster tag eg: mycluster-ocs-ci-jlgzn , without additional
   -master or -worker. This can be found by logging into AWS, Selecting the VM
   and clicking on Tags.

## Required configuration

* **AWS credentials** - if you have AWS already configured by `aws configure`,
    see:
    [AWS doc](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-configure.html)
    there shouldn't be need of any additional configuration for AWS. If not,
    please make sure you configure your AWS credentials via `aws configure`
    command, or you have proper configuration done in `~/.aws` folder which is
    usually generated by mentioned command.

## Required arguments

There are a few arguments that are required ocs test execution:

* `--cluster-path <path>` - path to the directory which will
    contain all the installation/authentication information about the cluster.
    If the information given can not be used to access the cluster then
    test execution will fail. If you wish to deploy a new cluster, give
    a path to a new directory and also use the `--deploy` argument.

## Useful arguments

Some non-required arguments that we end up using a lot. You can use
`run-ci  --help` to see all the parameters and description which you can pass
to the pytest.

* `--capture=no` - when using pdb or ipdb you have to turn of capture mode
    for pytest.
* `-m "tier1 and ecosystem"` - This will select just tests marked with
    tier1 and ecosystem marks.

### Additional arguments:

* `--cluster-name <name>` - name of cluster (always required for deployment) must be 5-17 characters long.
* `--ocs-version` - version of OCS to be used (e.g. 4.2 or 4.3). If not specified, the default from ocs-ci will be used.
* `--ocsci-conf` - with this configuration parameter you can overwrite the
    default OCS-CI config parameters defined in
    [default config](https://github.com/red-hat-storage/ocs-ci/tree/master/ocs_ci/framework/conf/default_config.yaml).
    This is the repeatable parameter and you can use it multiple times for
    adding multiple config files. (The last one overwrites previous config!)
* `--deploy` - if this is given and a cluster can not be accessed from the
    provided `--cluster-path` then a new test cluster will be deployed.
* `--live-deploy` - OCS-CI will use live content to deploy OCS.
* `--teardown` - if this is given the testing cluster will be destroyed after
    the test have completed, regardless of if the tests passed or failed.
* `--html` - to generate html reports of the test run
* `--self-contained-html` - creates self-contained html file containing all
   necessary styles and scripts
* `--email` - to send the email reports of the test run which was generated
   by --html option. MUST specify --html to send email reports.
* `--bugzilla` - allows you to skip tests with unresolved bug (test case
  needs to be properly decorated as you can see in
  [documentation](./writing_tests.md)). You will also need to
  create configuration file for `pytest_marker_bugzilla` plugin. See the
  [plugin documentation](https://github.com/eanxgeek/pytest_marker_bugzilla)
  or example of `/etc/bugzilla.cfg` file:
  ```bash
  [DEFAULT]
  bugzilla_url = https://bugzilla.redhat.com/xmlrpc.cgi
  bugzilla_username = kerberos@redhat.com
  bugzilla_password = yourPassword
  ```
* `--collect-logs` - to collect OCS logs for failed test cases.

## Examples

Deployment and teardown of the test cluster can be done automatically with
the `--deploy` and `--teardown` arguments. The `--cluster-path` must always be
provided and if given without the `--deploy` argument, it must contain information
that can be used to access an existing cluster.

> In case you lost your cluster dir, the destroy can be done with
> `ci-cleanup` cli that should be invoked with cluster-tag from AWS.

#### Deployment of cluster

If you would like to deploy new cluster you can run following command:
```bash
run-ci -m deployment --ocsci-conf conf/path_to_config_to_be_used.yaml \
    --cluster-name kerberos_ID-ocs-deployment \
    --cluster-path /home/my_user/my-ocs-dir tests/ \
    --deploy
 ```
of course you can omit --cluster-name if you would like to use default
values.

Note that during deployment, openshift command line tools like `oc` and
`openshift-install` are installed into [`bin` directory of the
repository](https://github.com/red-hat-storage/ocs-ci/tree/master/bin). These tools are then available to both deployment and test
code because `run-ci` wrapper includes the `bin` directory into `PATH`
environment variable.

#### Deployment of cluster on vSphere Platform

terraform and jq is needed for deployment of OCS on vSphere platform.

Change the [vsphere_upi_vars.yaml.example](https://github.com/red-hat-storage/ocs-ci/tree/master/conf/ocsci/vsphere_upi_vars.yaml.example) to vsphere_upi_vars.yaml and update the values accordingly.
Check for vsphere_upi_vars.yaml.skeleton(../conf/ocsci/vsphere_upi_vars.yaml.skeleton) for more options.

After filling all the required parameters, run the following command:
```bash
run-ci -m deployment --ocsci-conf conf/ocsci/vsphere_upi.yaml \
    --cluster-name kerberos_ID-ocs-deployment \
    --cluster-path /home/my_user/my-ocs-dir tests/ \
    --deploy
```

#### Deployment via UI - openshift console

Please follow setup instructions mentioned in [Getting started](./getting_started.md) document.
To enable UI deployment please pass `--ocsci-conf conf/ocsci/ui-testing.yaml` where you will have to update path to
your clone of openshift console repository.

#### Running tests on deployed environment

```bash
run-ci -m "tier1 and manage" \
    --cluster-name kerberos_ID-ocs-deployment \
    --cluster-path /home/my_user/my-ocs-dir tests/
 ```

#### Running tests on deployed environment and sending reports

If you would like to send the test run results to email you can run
following command:
```bash

run-ci tests/
    --cluster-name kerberos_ID-ocs-deployment \
    --cluster-path /home/my_user/my-ocs-dir \
    --html=report.html --self-contained-html \
    --email=<emailid>
 ```

If you want to send reports to multiple email ID's, use comma separated
email ID's like below
```bash

run-ci tests/
    --cluster-name kerberos_ID-ocs-deployment \
    --cluster-path /home/my_user/my-ocs-dir \
    --html=report.html --self-contained-html \
    --email=<emailid1>,<emailid2>,<emailid3>
 ```

#### Destroy of cluster

If you would like to destroy existing cluster you can run following command:
```bash
run-ci -m deployment \
    --cluster-name kerberos_ID-ocs-deployment \
    --cluster-path /home/my_user/my-ocs-dir tests/ \
    --teardown
 ```
